Late
Oh mom
Xiaoxue can't get through to his phone or open the door
Is something wrong?
Our Xiaoxue is doing well
Of course he's locking the door when you're back so late
Just ask him to forgive you.
Zhang Fan
You really don't spend your own money, don't you know how distressed you are?
I actually bought so much
Forget it, come down and eat whether you buy it or not
Or the company, something else
Xiaoxue, you hang up too
What did you buy? Is it edible?
I had a good meal just now
His house has a lot of people queuing up, so I bought it.
Xiaofan, you don't have your work with you now.
Find him later
You don't have to pay.
That is.
You really think our money is blowing in the wind
So
Just a little more.
No, just learn
I don't want this breakfast
Later at the dinner table
Mom Xiaoxue
Do you have a problem with me?
If you have any objections, speak up today
Make it clear